Updates to managing-users.md to reflect multi-org changes (#129)
NHSDigital/record-a-vaccination-guidance: app/managing-users.md

* If users already have an Okta account for other NHS applications, then their RAVS account will be added to their existing Okta account.
* If users are new to Okta, they’ll also receive an Okta email with instructions to set up their account. They’ll need to do this first to access RAVS.

## Adding a user to multiple organisations 

From 16 December 2024, you can add a user to more than 1 organisation, using the same email address for that user. 

> The user will then be able to use the same email address to access RAVS at each organisation. 

Reviewer: Is it worth spelling out that as well as the same email address it means they'll use the same Okta account (with the same password) for both organisations? Or is it enough that it’s implied?

```suggestion
The user will then be able to use the same email address and Okta account to access RAVS at each organisation. 
```

Users can have different permission levels at each organisation.

## If a user was added to multiple organisations before 16 December 2024

Before 16 December 2024, to access RAVS at multiple organisations, a user needed a separate email address linked to each organisation.

> If a user has more than 1 email address to access RAVS, they can continue to log in as before, using separate emails for each organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user has more than 1 email address to access RAVS, they can continue to log in as before, using separate emails and Okta accounts for each organisation.
```

Or, if they want to only use their main email address to access RAVS at each organisation, they can do the following:

* add themselves (or ask a lead admin to add them) to an organisation using their main email address
* then deactivate (or ask a lead admin to deactivate) the extra email account they used previously for that organisation

Any records previously created with an extra email account will remain unchanged. 

## If a user has been added to multiple organisations after 16 December 2024

> Each time they log in, they will see a screen listing all the organisations they’ve been added to. They then have to select the relevant organisation.

Reviewer: Does this need to be tweaked to reflect that they’ll not see any organisations they’ve been deactivated from, or is this obvious enough to be assumed?

```suggestion
Each time they log in, they will see a screen listing all the organisations they’re currently associated with. They then have to select the relevant organisation.
```
